Fix cosmos link (#295)
crytic/building-secure-contracts: not-so-smart-contracts/cosmos/non_determinism/README.md

Non-determinism in conensus-relevant code will cause the blockchain to halt.
There are quite a few sources of non-determinism, some of which are specific to the Go language:

> - [`range` iterations over an unordered map or other operations involving unordered structures](https://www.delftstack.com/howto/go/how-to-iterate-over-an-entire-map-in-go/#iterate-over-all-keys-and-values-of-a-map-in-go)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`range` iterations over an unordered map or other operations involving unordered structures](https://go.dev/blog/maps#iteration-order)
```
